Design Document
Jeremy Atwell and Raveena Cheema
Connect 4

Data:
Board-2D array
Pieces- 2D array
File pointers
Won/tie- bol
Continue choice- char
Player names- array of strings

Game Play:
Player sees a menu which gives them the options to load a new game or load a previous game. They should be prompted to enter both player names and then given each a pice which represents them. Each player takes turns making moves until someone wins or they tie. They will then be taken back to the menu to choose to play again. They can also quit and save in the middle of a game and that is the previos game they can load the next time.

Functions:

main()- April 4th, Jeremy
Data: Arrays for board and player moves. Variables for won, wins, and play again.
Functionality: Load the board from the file. Display moves. In a loop, clear player
moves, play the game, update wins, prompt to play again. After the player is
done playing, save their score

loadBoard()- April 4th, Raveena
Input Parameters: File pointer, int rows, int columns, int board 2D array
Returned Output: none
Functionality: Load values from file into board 2D array

playGame()- April 4th, Jeremy
Input Parameters: int rows, int columns, int board 2D array, char moves 2D array
Returned Output: boolean
Functionality: Display cells. Repeat getting the user’s move, updating the user
moves, displaying cells, and checking to see if the user lost or won until the player
has lost or won. Return whether the game was won or tied

getMove()- April 4th, raveena
Input Parameters: int* row, int* column
Returned Output: char
Functionality: Continue to prompt the player for a cell location until they have
entered a valid location. Continue to prompt the player for a move type until they
have entered a valid move type. Update the row and column locations to work
with the arrays. Return the move type.

updateMoves()- April 4th, Jeremy
Input Parameters: int rows, int columns, char moves 2D array, char move type, int
row location, int column location
Returned Output: void
Functionality: If the player marked a cell as a move, update that cell to marked with the correct color. If one player gets 4 cells in a row, they win.

gameWon()- April 4th, Raveena
Input Parameters: int rows, int columns, int board 2D array, char moves 2D array
Returned Output: bool
Functionality: If a player has 4 of the same color pices in a row, retunr true otherwise return false. 

gameTie()- April 4th, Jeremy
INput Paramenters: int rows, int columns, int board 2D array, char moves 2D array
returned output: bool
FUnctionality: If all cells are full and there are no 4 in a row connections, retunr true.
